README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Initial commit: Optimistic UI Heart Button demo

README.md, after:

# Optimistic UI Heart Button

A React component demonstrating optimistic updates with automatic rollback using React 19's server actions.

![Screenshot of the Favorite Button with Debug Information](Screenshot.png)

## Features

- **Optimistic Updates**: Heart turns red immediately on click before server confirms
- **Animated Feedback**: Bubble animation provides delightful visual feedback
- **Automatic Rollback**: UI state reverts automatically if server action fails
- **Error Handling**: Gracefully handles and displays server errors

## How It Works

The `FavoriteButton` uses a custom `useOptimisticAction` hook that combines React's `useActionState` and `useOptimistic` hooks to:

1. **Update UI Immediately**: Shows the "liked" state without waiting for server response
2. **Process Server Action**: Sends the request to the server in the background
3. **Handle Success/Failure**: Either keeps the optimistic state or rolls back on error

## Testing Error States

Toggle "Simulated Error" mode to see the optimistic rollback in action. The debug table shows the full lifecycle:

- Server Loading: Whether the server action is in progress
- Optimistic Liked: The temporary optimistic state
- Heart Bubbling: Animation status
- Confirm Liked: The confirmed server state
- Optimistic Rollback: When the server returns an error

## Implementation

Built with:
- React 19
- Server Actions
- Tailwind CSS
- Material UI Icons

This pattern demonstrates how to build responsive, resilient UIs that feel instant while maintaining data integrity.
